Document negative saturation (#15062)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    * Passing no arguments resets lighting to its default values.
    * `light_definition` is a table with the following optional fields:
      * `saturation` sets the saturation (vividness; default: `1.0`).
        * It is applied according to the function `result = b*(1-s) + c*s`, where:
          * `c` is the original color
          * `b` is the greyscale version of the color with the same luma
          * `s` is the saturation set here
        * The resulting color always has the same luma (perceived brightness) as the original.
        * This means that:
          * value of 1 (default) doesn't change the saturation
          * values > 1 increase the saturation

>           * values in [0,1] decrease the saturation

Reviewer: nitpick: 0, 1 are exclusive. not sure which notation we want to use for this. `(0, 1)` might be misunderstood as a tuple, `]0, 1[` is ugly and somewhat uncommon, `> 0 and < 1` is a bit verbose.

Author: Changed that to "values between 0 and 1". Will be clear at least. Clearer than `> 0 and < 1` IMHO, even.

    * Passing no arguments resets lighting to its default values.
    * `light_definition` is a table with the following optional fields:
      * `saturation` sets the saturation (vividness; default: `1.0`).
        * It is applied according to the function `result = b*(1-s) + c*s`, where:
          * `c` is the original color
          * `b` is the greyscale version of the color with the same luma
          * `s` is the saturation set here
        * The resulting color always has the same luma (perceived brightness) as the original.
        * This means that:

>           * value of 1 (default) doesn't change the saturation
>           * values > 1 increase the saturation
>           * values between 0 and 1 decrease the saturation
>           * value of 0 makes the world greyscale
>           * values < 0 alter the hue severely, causing an effect similar to inversion, but keeping original luma and being symmetrical in terms of saturation (eg. -1 and 1 is the same saturation and luma, but different hues)

Reviewer 2: 1. Line limited to < 95 characters (according to https://dev.minetest.net/Code_style_guidelines#Don.27t_let_things_get_too_large )
2. More compact description (debatable)

```suggestion
          * A value of 0 corresponds to greyscale, and > 1 to oversaturated.
          * values < 0 cause an effect similar to inversion, but keeping original luma and
            being symmetrical in terms of saturation
            (e.g. -1 and 1 result in the same saturation and luma, but with different hues)
```

Author: You're not including the `0 < saturation < 1` case though (nor the default 1, although that may be considered implicit).

Author: Also I'm pretty sure I've seen longer lines like that in markdown files here.

Reviewer 2: >  although that may be considered implicit

I'd consider that common sense. Though that does not mean that I'm correct with this assumption.

> Also I'm pretty sure I've seen longer lines like that in markdown files here.

The C++ side does sometimes not follow the guidelines either, but changes that touch such lines are expected to correct it to provide a more uniform appearance.

Author: I wrote something similar to your suggestion. See if it's good enough.
